Like other text-oriented software, newsbeuter contains an internal commandline to
modify configuration variables ad hoc and to run own commands. It provides a flexible
access to the functionality of newsbeuter which is especially useful for
advanced users.

To start the commandline, type ":". You will see a ":" prompt at the bottom of
the screen, similar to tools like vi(m) or mutt. You can now enter commands.
Pressing the return key executes the command (possibly giving feedback to the
user) and closes the commandline. You can cancel entering commands by pressing
the ESC key. The history of all the commands that you enter will be saved to
\~/.newsbeuter/history.cmdline. The backlog is limited to 100 entries by default,
but can be influenced by setting the "history-limit" configuration variable.
To disable history saving, set the history-limit to 0.

Starting with newsbeuter 2.0, the commandline provides you with some help if
you can't remember the full names of commandline commands. By pressing the TAB
key, newsbeuter will try to automatically complete your command. If there is
more than one possible completion, you can subsequently press the TAB key to
cycle through all results. If no match is found, no suggestion will be inserted
into the commandline. For the "set" command, the completion also works for
configuration variable names.

In addition, some common key combination such as Ctrl-G (to cancel input),
Ctrl-K (to delete text from the cursor position to the end of line), Ctrl-U (to
clear the whole line) and Ctrl-W (to delete the word before the current cursor
position) were added.

Please be aware that the input history of both the command line and the search
functions are saved to the filesystems, to the files
\~/.newsbeuter/history.cmdline resp. \~/.newsbeuter/history.search. By default,
the last 100 entries are saved, but this can be configured (configuration
variable history-limit) and also totally disabled (by setting said variable to
0).

Currently, the following command line commands are available:

